Friends, in today's video, we
will discuss the best plan of ICICI Labad.
This plan
comes with some such features and benefits which till date no
health insurance company in the history of India has such
features
and benefits. However, this policy is a
little more complete, which you
need to understand very well because the features that the
policy claims
come with some advances. How can you avail those advances?
How can you personalize this policy for yourself? And
how can you get
limited amount, unlimited claim amount and
unlimited reset benefit in this policy?
We will discuss all these things in this video
and will discuss it with the words of this policy so that
you can understand this policy
in more detail. So let's start the
discussion of this policy.
Welcome to the Health Insurance That's So
Personalized and Infinite. This is such a policy
that you can also personalize it as per your requirement
and it also has infinite benefits.
We will discuss the Elevate plan, where
you get infinite reset.  Meaning
you will get infinite reset, you
can reset for unlimited times, which is
called unlimited automatic recharge option,
similarly there is unlimited reset option, you can
claim as many times as you want, it will be
reset for unlimited time, infinite
claim amount, in this you have to understand that this
comes through an add-on and once
you can take unlimited claim at any time in the policy year, that
means you can
take claim up to unlimited amount in this policy, I will
tell you further how to take it,
how to use the features of this plan,
in this you get infinite cumulative bonus,
infinite cumulative bonus means
in this you will keep
increasing by 100% every year as long as you are running the policy, you
get infinite sum assured in this, you
can purchase this policy for any amount sum assured that you want,
this amount
is sufficient for you, you can purchase sum assured up to that amount
here  You can do it, there is
no foundation in it. Now let's talk about
what revolution ICICI is giving us, what is there
which is not there in any other policy, it has
Infinite Sum Sum
Cover. When you choose Infinite Sum Sum Cover, if
you are choosing Infinite Sum Cover then your
sum will never run out, which means you have
unlimited sum covered,
you can make unlimited claims, Infinite Claim
Amount means this company is saying that you
can claim unlimited amount once,
you have made a plan that you have to get a
surgery done, heart surgery or
kidney transplant, heart transplant,
liver transplant and you have
such a problem, you took this policy and
you thought that after 2 years we will spend or get the
surgery done, in such conditions you can claim whatever
your claim is, donor's claim, your claim, you can claim
everything,
you can claim whatever comes up to unlimited amount,
this is one of the best
features in it which is available in Addon.  Whenever
you take a policy, all these things will
come through the addon riders and you will have to pay the premium for all of them.
Infinite Cumulative Bonus:
You get 100% every year relative to the
claim and in a definite period with Power Booster
Addon. If you take Power Booster Addon
rider, your cumulative
bonus will keep increasing by 100% every year.
Even if you take a claim,
your claim will keep increasing every year. Your bonus will keep increasing every year
and your surcharge will keep increasing
every year. 100% means your
policy will double every year. Infinite Assurance: Get
your pre-existing disease covered from
31 days with Jump Start Addon. Jump Start
Addon: I will tell you further in the policy
how it works. What are the
pre-existing diseases that you
can cover in this policy. You can choose this rider. If you choose, then
Infinite
Reset means unlimited automatic multiple
time claim.  You can do this multiple times,
your reset will be done in this policy. Let
us talk about the basic cover of this policy.
In this policy, you get cover for day care procedure, in-
patient treatment. You
can take a private AC room, you
can take a private single AC room.
You will get cover for up to 90 to
1880 days, 90 days before your admission and
180 days after your discharge.
You get donor expense cover. You get up to 180 days of assured
hospitalization, in-
patient AYUSH hospitalization. All these
things are covered in almost whichever policy you
take, of whichever company you are purchasing the policy. You get
domestic road ambulance.
In this,
you can use the entire sum as per the annual sum. In this,
you get reset benefit unlimited or through add-ons.
You get 100% annual sum assured
red unlimited times and you can enlist any
Even in the surrogacy system, you will get maximum benefits up to Rs 5 lakh.
You will get a guaranteed cumulative bonus
which will be 100%. You will get 20% every year.
Your benefit will increase by 100% in 5 years. If
you are undergoing bariatric surgery, then in this
also you will get time-schedule. You
can use it up to time-schedule. If you take any services product, you will
get a discount there. That
means if you
get any services
product from the Tech Care app, you will get a discount from there.
Through the wellness program, you will get a
discount of up to Rs 30.
You can query anything from the health assistant there, you
can ask anything.
In modern treatment through ICICI's application,
you get the sum insured, you get the benefit on this. Let
us talk about this personalization,
which is about personalization,
how can we personalize this policy as per our requirement.
Now here comes the question of
what is Infinite Care here?
Get one-time infinite claim amount for
your selected case.  Claim: If you are
selecting a claim that we
will make unlimited claim for this particular thing, then
when you go for treatment there, you are
not sure about how much claim can come in it,
how much money can be spent in it,
in that condition you can claim unlimited amount,
if you are thinking about such things then you can use
inflation protector,
you can use inflation protector in this,
as the inflation of the country increases,
your policy will also increase, the sum assured of
your policy will keep increasing, the
base sum assured will keep increasing, power booster,
your cumulative bonus is 100%,
if you take power booster, then till the infit
period i.e. till the unlimited period,
your sum assured will keep increasing,
you can take domestic air ambulance, in this
you will get the benefit of up to sum assured,
emergency transfer to the
nearest hospitalization during the policy
period, you get the cover of domestic air ambulance,
jump start of which
I had mentioned that in Jump Start, if
you have
any kind of problem like asthma, diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, pubic health, then you
can do it for 30 days through Jump Start and
can claim it after 30 days.
Now, in this
you get Rs. 1000 per day if you are
admitted for more than 10 days, in that condition the
dependent gets Rs. 000 per day
for his expenses.
If you take the claim protector, then
you have non-payable items in it, in that you get
gloves, cotton syringes, masks, PPT kit, everything,
you
can claim it. If you take room modification, then
you can upgrade or downgrade the room. With
this, you can go to a duplex or
take a separate room. So,
you get such benefits in this plan.
In this, you get session visit.
If the hospitalization is more than 5 days, Rs.
0000  You will get Rs. per year in one policy
year. The immediate family member who
wants to come to you immediately will get Nursing at Home
Domus. If
you want
any nursing staff nurse to come and
treat you, then in that condition,
you will get medical services for a maximum of 10 days in a session at Rs. 10 lakh, in
which
you get Nurseslabs cover. In this,
you can claim up to Rs. 1 lakh in the policy. New born
baby cover: Hospital expenses up to 90 days
twice as the maternity cover amount.
You will get cover for the new born baby.
You get Essence benefit. If you stay in the hospital for 10 days, then you will get Rs. 100,000 one
time allowance. Vaccination for
new born baby first year: If
both husband and wife are included in the policy
and a child is born, then after 2 years you
can also avail maternity benefit.
Whatever vaccination cover of the new born baby will come in the policy, approximately Rs. 1000 will be given for the first year.
You can do it up to
₹10,000 in the form of health checkup. You
can get checkup done on cashless basis through Yee Fit. If you download its mobile
app, then you can get OPD cover, you can take the
benefit of OPD,
pharmacy, physiotherapy and
diagnosis. You can discuss all these things, you can
talk about them, you can take the benefit of that.
In Network Advantage,
if you are
taking any discount in Network Advantage, if you are
getting premium discount of ₹10 in it, then you will have to pay a
commitment of ₹20.
If you do not go to a network hospital, then
if you go to a hospital
where you have to pay the money first and later
you make a claim, then in such a condition
you will have to pay ₹20.
Therefore, think carefully before deciding whether you
want to take the payment or not.
You get full consultation
through its mobile app, from there you can get any kind
of information.  You can take health related
personal accident cover, here you
get cover of up to ₹ lakh.
In personal accident, if due to any reason, the
policy holder's policyholder
dies in a personal accident, then
in that condition, they will get an option of up to ₹ 50 lakh.
Option to reduce maternity waiting period is there
in this, you
can reduce the maternity waiting period, normally it
is 24 months, you can reduce it to 1 year
also. In critical illness, there is 20
critical illness cover in which you will get a
maximum cover of up to ₹ lakh. Voluntary co-
payment is available in this, co-payment options are 10%,
20%, 30%, 40%, 50%. By taking co-payment, the
premium of your policy will be reduced,
but in such a condition that if you are
not able to go to the network hospital, then if you get a
claim of a huge amount,
you will have to
pay a huge amount from your pocket in the form of co-payment. Therefore,
all these things should be taken thoughtfully.
You get a credit-based premium
discount. You will get a
credit base discount of 15%.
You get a wellness discount of 30%. If you
renew early, you will get a
discount of up to 50%. If you renew before 30 days,
and if you buy a policy for two to three
years, you will get a
discount of 10% on buying a 2-year policy
and a discount of 15% on buying a 3-year policy.
Talking about the information, the
eligibility criteria in this is from
18 to 125 years.
You can take this policy between the age of 18 to 125 years. Its
subsidiaries range from Rs 5 lakh to an unlimited amount, which
means you do not have a limit. You can take this policy up
to the limit you can think of.
You
can buy this policy for up to 3 years at a time. Family
floater limit: Two adult three kids, husband,
wife and three children can go in this family floater.
Considers age dependent 30
years  Meaning if the child
is covered with the parents then till the age of 30 years your child will be
covered in your policy till the age of 30 years. Normally in any policy the age limit is
not more than 24 years. A child of 24 years is eligible and
at the age of 25 years they have to take an
individual policy but
in this policy you can add your child with you till the age of 30 years. If we
talk about it then the
initial waiting period is 30 days. The
PD waiting period is 36 months. In this you
can reduce the PD waiting period which is the waiting period for PD disease through rider. The specific disease waiting period is
24 months. If you take a rider for critical illness then
after 90 days you
can take a critical illness. The waiting period for bariatric surgery is 24 months.
Your waiting period for bariatric surgery is
24 months. So this was the
detailed review of ICICI Lombard's Elevate policy.
This detailed review has been done with the policy word so
that you can  So that you understand it better and whenever you go to
purchase a policy, you know the complete details of what
you have to take and what you do
n't have to take.
I will give you the link of the policy browser in the description. From
there, you
can directly open the policy browser and
understand it in more detail. If you liked the video,
then like the video, do
not forget to subscribe to the channel and share it with others.